Weights Docs for Managed Pools (#88)
balancer-labs/docs: docs/concepts/pools/managed.md

  - Change token weights
- Circuit Breakers to protect from malicious/compromised tokens

## Weights

> An important feature of Managed Pools that makes them unique from a standard Weighted Pool is the ability for managers to update token weights. This allows managers to adjust the distributions of assets within a pool, in order to shift to different DeFi strategies. An example of this is modifying token weights in response to changes in market conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important feature of Managed Pools that makes them distinct from standard Weighted Pools is that they allow the pool `owner` to update token weights. This allows `owner`s to adjust the distributions of assets within a pool, in order to shift to different strategies. An example of this is modifying token weights in response to changes in market conditions.
```

### Gradual Updates

> Updating weights gradually in a linear manner over a set period of time is the recommend method for adjusting token weights. This steady weight update allows token prices to slowly adjust, baiting arbitratures to rebalance pool balances in line with the desired weights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended technique for updating weights in a Managed Pool is to do so gradually. In a gradual weight update, the pool calculates each weight by linearly interpolating between the start and end weights for the specified time. This steady weight update slowly adjusts token prices, encouraging arbitrageurs to rebalance pool balances in line with the desired weights.
```

### Risks

> There are pricing risks that liquidity providers are exposed to during weight changes. If token weights are adjusted too quickly before argitragers get a chance to rebalance, prices will have a significantly negative effect. It is important for managers to allow ample time for the pool to change weights in order to mitigate this risk. This ensures that sufficient time is given for market corrections, reducing potential slippage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are pricing risks that liquidity providers are exposed to during weight changes. If token weights are adjusted too quickly before arbitrageurs get a chance to rebalance, prices will have a significantly negative effect. It is important for `owner`s to allow ample time for the pool to change weights in order to mitigate this risk. This ensures that sufficient time is given for market corrections, reducing potential slippage.
```

### Examples

> [ManagedPoolSetting.sol](https://github.com/baileyspraggins/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolSettings.sol) provides the necessary logic for viewing and updating token weights within a Managed Pool. Below are a few basic examples of how a manager can interact with token weights on a Managed Pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ManagedPoolSetting.sol](https://github.com/baileyspraggins/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolSettings.sol) provides the necessary logic for viewing and updating token weights within a Managed Pool. Below are a few basic examples of how an `owner` can interact with token weights on a Managed Pool.
```

Reviewer: actually, rather than sending the reader to the file, it might be handy to just copy over the interfaces for the gradual weight update setter/getter

```solidity
// Time for weight change to finalize
uint256 private constant _REWEIGHT_DURATION = 7 days;

// Adjust pool weights in a pool with 3 tokens
function changeWeights() public {
  uint256[] memory newWeights = new uint256[](3);

  // Weights must add up to 100% or 1e18
  newWeights[0] = 30e16 // 30%
  newWeights[1] = 30e16 // 30%
  newWeights[2] = 40e16 // 40%

>   _updateWeights(block.timestamp, block.timestamp + _REWEIGHT_DURATION, _poolTokens, newWeights);

Reviewer: this uses a function from a sample that is not copied here -- use the mp gradual weight update call directly

  - Change token weights
- Circuit Breakers to protect from malicious/compromised tokens

## Weights

An important feature of Managed Pools that makes them distinct from standard Weighted Pools is that they allow the pool `owner` to update token weights. This allows `owner`s to adjust the distributions of assets within a pool, in order to shift to different DeFi strategies. An example of this is modifying token weights in response to changes in market conditions.

### Gradual Updates

The recommended technique for updating weights in a Managed Pool is to do so gradually. In a gradual weight update, the pool calculates each weight by linearly interpolating between the start and end weights for the specified time. This steady weight update slowly adjusts token prices, encouraging arbitrageurs to rebalance pool balances in line with the desired weights.

### Risks

> There are pricing risks that liquidity providers are exposed to during weight changes. If token weights are adjusted too quickly before arbitrageurs get a chance to rebalance, prices will have a significantly negative effect. It is important for `owner`s to allow ample time for the pool to change weights in order to mitigate this risk. This ensures that sufficient time is given for market corrections, reducing potential slippage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are pricing risks that liquidity providers are exposed to during weight changes. If token weights are adjusted too quickly, prices can become unfavorable for the pool (and its Liquidity Providers). Arbitrageurs are be able to extract more value when there is a sharper price discrepancy, so it is important for `owner`s to allow ample time for the pool to change weights in order to mitigate this risk. This ensures that sufficient time is given for market/arbitrage corrections, lowering the price impact of the pool rebalancing.
```

### Examples
[ManagedPoolSetting.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolSettings.sol) provides the necessary logic for viewing and updating token weights within a Managed Pool. Below are a few basic examples of how an `owner` can interact with token weights on a Managed Pool.

```solidity
// Time for weight change to finalize
uint256 private constant _REWEIGHT_DURATION = 7 days;

// Adjust pool weights in a pool with 3 tokens
function changeWeights() public {
  uint256[] memory newWeights = new uint256[](3);

  // Weights must add up to 100% or 1e18
  newWeights[0] = 30e16 // 30%
  newWeights[1] = 30e16 // 30%
  newWeights[2] = 40e16 // 40%

  _managedPool.updateWeightsGradually(
    block.timestamp, 
    block.timestamp + _REWEIGHT_DURATION, 
    _poolTokens, 
    newWeights
  );
}
```
```solidity
// View current weights of tokens in a Managed Pool
uint256[] memory tokenWeights = _managedPool.getNormalizedWeights();

> ```

Reviewer: might be nice to add a sample getter for the weight update params as well as the instantaneous weights

https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolSettings.sol#L323-L333

### Gradual Updates

The recommended technique for updating weights in a Managed Pool is to do so gradually. In a gradual weight update, the pool calculates each weight by linearly interpolating between the start and end weights for the specified time. This steady weight update slowly adjusts token prices, encouraging arbitrageurs to rebalance pool balances in line with the desired weights.

### Risks

There are pricing risks that liquidity providers are exposed to during weight changes. If token weights are adjusted too quickly, prices can become unfavorable for the pool (and its Liquidity Providers). Arbitrageurs are be able to extract more value when there is a sharper price discrepancy, so it is important for `owner`s to allow ample time for the pool to change weights in order to mitigate this risk. This ensures that sufficient time is given for market/arbitrage corrections, lowering the price impact of the pool rebalancing.

### Examples

> [ManagedPoolSetting.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolSettings.sol) provides the necessary logic for viewing and updating token weights within a Managed Pool. Below are a few basic examples of how an `owner` can interact with token weights on a Managed Pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ManagedPoolSetting.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolSettings.sol) provides the necessary logic for viewing and updating token weights within a Managed Pool. Below are a few basic examples of how to can interact with token weights on a Managed Pool. Only an `owner` can call `updateWeightsGradually` but anyone can call the getter.
```

> [ManagedPoolSetting.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolSettings.sol) provides the necessary logic for viewing and updating token weights within a Managed Pool. how to can interact with token weights on a Managed Pool. Only an `owner` can call `updateWeightsGradually` but anyone can call the getter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ManagedPoolSetting.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolSettings.sol) provides the necessary logic for viewing and updating token weights within a Managed Pool. Only an `owner` can call `updateWeightsGradually`, but anyone can call the getters.
```

  - Change token weights
- Circuit Breakers to protect from malicious/compromised tokens

## Weights

An important feature of Managed Pools that makes them distinct from standard Weighted Pools is that they allow the pool `owner` to update token weights. This allows `owner`s to adjust the distributions of assets within a pool, in order to shift to different DeFi strategies. An example of this is modifying token weights in response to changes in market conditions.

### Gradual Updates

The recommended technique for updating weights in a Managed Pool is to do so gradually. In a gradual weight update, the pool calculates each weight by linearly interpolating between the start and end weights for the specified time. This steady weight update slowly adjusts token prices, encouraging arbitrageurs to rebalance pool balances in line with the desired weights.

### Risks

> There are pricing risks that liquidity providers are exposed to during weight changes. If token weights are adjusted too quickly, prices can become unfavorable for the pool (and its Liquidity Providers). Arbitrageurs are be able to extract more value when there is a sharper price discrepancy, so it is important for `owner`s to allow ample time for the pool to change weights in order to mitigate this risk. This ensures that sufficient time is given for market/arbitrage corrections, lowering the price impact of the pool rebalancing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are pricing risks that liquidity providers are exposed to during weight changes. If token weights are adjusted too quickly, prices can become unfavorable for the pool (and its Liquidity Providers). Arbitrageurs are able to extract more value when there is a sharper price discrepancy, so it is important for `owner`s to allow ample time for the pool to change weights in order to mitigate this risk. This ensures that sufficient time is given for market/arbitrage corrections, lowering the price impact of the pool rebalancing.
```
